You have five minutes.
Make sure to pee off.
Where is 0864? 0864?
Did you think we would
drive without you?
You wouldn't survive an hour out
here. The wolves would eat you alive.
RUSSIAN PRISON COLONY
- I hate cellmates.
- Then we already have something in common.
- The previous one only lasted a month.
- I'll be out again in three days.
Everyone is here for life.
One more minute and you'll
have to try to kill me.
Top.
May I sit and eat with you?
No.
You are in private territory.
Fuck me.
Who the hell do you
think you are. fool?
Now it is a free area.
The boss will talk to you.
So you are the one my
people want to get rid of.
Do you know who I am?
You are Semyon Chorny.
leader of the Kirov gang.
Your weapons are killing men. women
and children all over the world.
So you know who I am.
Who the hell are you?
Me? I am a hunter.
Hunter? So what
are you hunting?
Men like you.
The hunter is a myth.
Now you're in the crosshairs. hunter.
What is your name and who sent you?
The name is…
… The collar.
The collar?
But you don't tell anyone that.
All myths have a grain of truth.
There is a prisoner on the run!
There's a prisoner on the run!
Three days! Three days!
He gets away!
Easy. easy. easy!
You were late for it.
Next time you can escape
from the damper. I will fly.
Otherwise. thanks.
How did it go?
As it always goes.
Good for me. bad for him.
There's a body over here.
- Has he been identified? - No.
It's prisoner 0864.
Who the hell was it then
that killed Chornij?
16 YEARS EARLIER
BOARDING SCHOOL ST.
MICHAEL'S. NEW YORK
Kravinoff and Kravinoff. your
father is coming to get you.
What have you done now?
Me? Nothing. I
thought it was you.
No.
Where are we going. papa?
It's the middle of a semester.
Mom never did anything like this.
Sergei…
Your mother is dead.
She has taken her own life.
She was weak. Sick in the mind.
- It was her choice.
- She's dead because you chased her away.
No. She gave up
a long time ago.
You hadn't seen her in two years.
It doesn't change anything for you.
- Not for you either. Dmitri.
- Are we on our way to the funeral now?
- A suicide does not get that honor.
- So where are you taking us?
We're going hunting.
The lion Zar has
been seen again.
You will benefit
from it. both of you.
The company of men.
surrounded by nature.
To shoot to kill.
Pleasure.
NORTHERN TANZANIA
Be careful with them. Put
the cards away. Calypso.
Your parents will be back soon.
and you know their attitude.
It's just a game. bestie.
If you think my cards are
just glossy pictures. -
then you can think again. They
show us the invisible way.
Do you think they can
predict the future?
In the right hands.
Place three cards.
- The first card is the subject.
- The high priestess?
You come from a long
line of strong women.
Second card is the situation.
The tower. A terrible
accident is going to happen.
Third card is the outcome.
Strength. There is great
danger in that card.
I have something for you. Calypso. I
would have waited until you were older. -
but the cards show that
you will need it soon.
- What is it? - A potion.
The formula has been passed down
in our family through generations.
- What does the symbol mean?
- It is the sign of the spirit Papa Legba.
He opens the gate to the
beyond. Take good care of it.
It's powerful magic.
Be safe. It heals anyone who
drinks it in unimaginable ways.
The time is almost here. You
will know what to do with it.
Then put them away before
your parents come back.
Great. Nikolai.
Sergei.
Look how beautiful it is.
You must never fear death.
They are the prey.
We are the predators.
Man should be the only
animal that is endangered.
Dmitri. don't look so weak.
Be a man.
- Are you all right? - Yes.
He shouldn't have
spoken to you like that.
He's a stupid pig.
I can't change that.
He will never show me
the respect he shows you.
Shall we bet?
I miss mom.
I do too. Dima.
- Is it Czar?
- It's hardly a miss cat.
Maybe it's Zar's illegitimate
half-brother. like Dmitri.
Leave the boy alone. He can't
help it. his father chases skirts.
You can hear when it's Zar. He sounds
like a thunderclap from a mountain top.
- Have you seen the monster?
- I have seen his handiwork.
That cat has killed
20. maybe 30 people.
As long as men like you have
come here to kill lions. -
have there been legends about
the one who cannot be killed.
Men like me. But you take
my money anyway. Bahari.
A lion hunts for food.
I do the same.
- Why are you hunting. Nikolai?
- You know that. Bahari.
A man who kills a legend
becomes a legend himself.
Nikolai. we need to talk.
Save on the weather.
It is a chronic disorder. I just need
to take a break every now and then.
I always think ahead.
I will offer you to
become my companion.
What is your name?
I am here as Vladimir's
guest. Alexey Sytsevitch.
No. You have no name.
In this world you do not exist.
What does a nameless. nonexistent.
chronically ill clown have to offer Kravinoff?
Nothing.
I am here to teach my
sons the joy of the chase.
And you and your
imbecile voice haunt me.
So keep quiet.
- I hope father gets him this time.
- Why?
Because then he will become a legend. and
then we won't have to come here again.
A true legend would fight
fair. not with a rifle.
It has to be one on one with
the tools you were born with.
Dmitri. about behind me.
Dmitri. away!
Run!
Sergei!
Calypso. look!
Now get up. honey.
Calypso?
Calypso!
By all the gods and all the
riddles of the universe…
Help!
… grant me the
power of the earth.
Wait.
Grant me the power of heaven.
All gone. There are collisions.
We have done everything we could.
The time of death is 06.51.
The card was found in your
pocket. You are a very lucky boy.
Thank you for saving me.
I can't take credit for that.
I wasn't the one who saved you.
- I don't understand that.
- Then there are two of us.
But now we are taking some
tests to find out what happened.
- Sergei. - Dima.
Why didn't you shoot?
- They must be Sergei's father. Mr. Kravinoff.
- I've come to pick him up.
He must stay here and recover. He had
been dead for a good three minutes.
He's coming with me.
OUTSIDE LONDON
Sergei.
I'm sorry we're not together.
but we will be again soon.
You know. I didn't want
it to go like this. -
but your father
gave me no choice.
You have to promise me
you'll never be like him.
Sergei. come down here!
Dad is the only animal
that is endangered.
- You've gotten too good at that.
- It will probably work.
You almost had your
brother killed.
You almost got yourself killed
because you were scared.
Fear will consume you.
It makes you weak.
Are you weak and crazy like
your mother or are you like me?
Showing weakness to your
enemies gives them an opening.
You are old enough
to understand this.
You know my business. right?
One day you will be
the one to control it.
Dmitri. go away.
Dmitri is going back to
school in New York. -
and you stay here with me. I
think America makes you wimpy.
It's for your own good.
We all have our own path.
When you accept who you are. you
gain the strength to step into it.
Come on.
Come here.
I have something for you.
You never have to
be afraid again.
He should have killed you!
What's wrong with you?
Sergei. come here.
Are you ok
PASSPORT
- You must not leave me with him.
- I'm traveling. I have to.
- Something has happened to me.
- What are you talking about?
Do you remember the old camp site where you
could only hear the cicadas and the owls. -
and where mother sang to us by the
fire? That's all I have after her.
- That doesn't make it right.
- Think of me there.
It really hurts me. Dima.
So go with you.
Go!
I'm not going away forever.
Where are you going?
Out of England. To Russia.
On board this?
You know there are planes and
trains for that purpose. right?
- Are you on the run? - Yes.
- I am. - Then come.
FAR EASTERN RUSSIA
She was weak.
- Mentally ill.
- She died because you chased her away.
Sergei!
Run!
Fear will consume you.
It makes you weak.
We all have our own path.
They are the prey.
We are the predators.
Only the horns. Leave the rest.
You don't belong here.
kid. Step home with you.
I'm at home.
Is it yours?
Drop it or you die!
THE PRESENT TIME
Welcome home. We stayed
under the radar as usual.
Call when you need me again.
NEW MESSAGE
Sergei. this is your father.
Come home. i miss you I am sorry
for everything that has happened.
Shit. it's your brother.
Where have you been?
Are you still hiding
out in the woods?
See you for my birthday?
Give me a call.
Get the crap on the cart.
So get started!
Up with them.
Who is that?
This is a private area.
I would like to know if you
intend to lock after yourselves.
Step with you!
Move.
Why do you kill the animals
just to take the horns?
Because we can.
Because you can?
Disappear. We are six to one.
- There are six of you now.
- I don't have time for this.
Drive!
What the hell?
Run. run!
DOCKLANDS. LONDON
Mr. Tagland…
You must apologize for that. The
man appeared out of the blue.
A tie-crazy resident
or something.
But I fixed him. He
never bothers us again.
Soon nothing will
bother you anymore.
How are you…? Where
is Mr. Tag country?
You stand in him.
This is interesting
reading. You are a poacher.
Tagland uses poachers. but drugs.
weapons. trafficking are mentioned here...
- What's your name? - Andre.
André and what else?
It is the people in the book that you need
to get hold of. I can find them for you.
I don't need your help.
But I am adding the
names to my list.
André and what else?
Lavigne.
You are way down the
hierarchy. André.
There you were.
And now for today's headlines.
State Attorney Samantha Hodges was
shot last week in broad daylight -
in another brutal attack on
employees of the police and courts.
The funeral will take
place later today.
I met Samantha when
I moved to London.
She was my mentor. -
a close friend -
and one of the fiercest champions
of justice in the city's history.
We all know who is behind this.
Samantha dared to
defy Semyon Chorny -
and hold him accountable.
And the brave act -
cost her her life.
The system is broken.
Condolences. I didn't
mean to startle you.
- But you did.
- Your loss hurts me.
- Did you know her well?
- I didn't know her at all.
Well. thanks for
the condolences.
Calypso.
This probably belongs to you.
You are…
You are the boy.
- But you were...
- Yes.
For three minutes. It had been
forever. had it not been for you.
It was my grandmother's card.
I still walk around with them.
- Then why did you give it to me?
- I guess you felt you needed it.
Did you only have that to
go for? How did you find me?
- Chasing people up is my speciality.
- Hunting?
- Do you know who is behind this?
- Yes. I do.
- Will they hit him?
- Probably not.
What would you say
if I told you. -
that I already got that?
MAJOR CRIMINAL
KILLED IN HIS CELL
IS
THERE A PATTERN?
CARTEL LEADER POISONED
ON HIS OWN LIGHT YACHT
WHO IS THE HUNTER?
- A tiger's tooth?
- I use what I have at hand.
- Why did you do that?
- Didn't he murder your friend?
I have been looking for
you for a very long time.
It's like thank you
for saving my life.
I didn't ask you to murder
anyone. I am a lawyer.
But the pig got
what it deserved.
I know who your father is.
Are you like him? A gangster?
No.
As a child. I saw my father
spread evil around him.
He had planned it all.
I was to follow in his footsteps
and take over the family business.
But something happened to
me the day you found me.
Therefore. I traveled as far away
from my father as I possibly could.
And now I'm doing my best to
eradicate people like him.
So you're the Hunter?
It's just something
the press calls me.
- I prefer Kraven.
- The collar?
Spelled with a K. But everyone
who heard that name is dead.
Then I better watch out. Do
you live here in the city?
I live as far away from here
as you can possibly get.
But my brother lives here.
We…
I wasn't always there for him.
so I visit him when I can.
What about you? How
did you end up here?
I don't quite know that.
My parents were lawyers.
so I became one too.
I worked at the New York State
Attorney's Office. but couldn't stand it.
Sometimes the law gets
in the way of justice.
True enough.
Here in London. I work for one
of Europe's largest law firms.
I know that. You are one of
their best investigative lawyers.
I also know that some of your
clients are not exactly angels.
True enough.
So how much do you really
get done from your desk?
- I keep a list. - A list?
It can be achieved in other ways.
what you have set out for. Calypso.
You're going to need a lawyer if
you want to clean up that world.
How about a partnership? Through your
company you can find them I can't.
- On the other hand. I can...
- That's understood.
I'll have to think
about it. Kraven.
Take well-intentioned advice. If
you go by the names on that list. -
will it affect those
you care about.
- Ryazha!
- We have to talk about this.
Shall we try again? Take it!
Did you hear what I said?
Ryazha. bring it.
Do you want me to beg?
You know I don't beg.
Do you think I'm weak?
Then give it to me.
Ryazha!
Take it easy. You are
my little Ryazhuska.
Papa loves you.
Papa forgives you.
One more thing.
Semyon Tshorny has been
killed in his prison cell.
- Who did it?
- They say it was the Hunter.
Faster than a cheetah.
cunning as a fox.
More ferocious than a tiger.
What do you mean? Do you think
the Hunter actually exists?
Maybe it's just piss and paper.
But he obviously keeps a list.
And you will never
be deleted from it.
You are probably standing on it.
If he is real. he can be found.
I'm looking into it.
Wait.
Tsjornij's activities
must have come into play.
Arrange a meeting with
his top three henchmen.
Your boss. Semyon
Chorny. is dead.
I intend to take over
his transactions.
One of you must be my companion.
But who? The best pitch wins.
The so-called "Rhino". He
doesn't look like a rhinoceros.
Don't you want to know
why they call me Rhino?
- Why are you putting yourself through that?
- They have to see who they are dealing with.
Nak him.
Don't worry. Ryazha.
Pack away the sliders. I can
get you killed by lifting…
Don't do it!
A rhinoceros that sees an
opportunity does not hesitate.
It rushes forward and takes
it. So now I ask one more time.
Which of you will
be my companion?
I call that a pitch.
The winner has been found.
My son Dmitri.
The next one is for you. papa.
He knows I like Tony Bennett.
Do you like Tony Bennett? I don't
trust people who don't like him.
He can impersonate anyone.
He is like a chameleon.
These assassins…
When they can hit your boss in
the breech. we're all in danger.
- Understood. - Come closer.
Chorniy is dead.
This makes your
business vulnerable.
I can offer you
security. distribution -
and above all peace of mind.
That sounds good. I'm
on board with that.
Just like that without further
ado? You don't want to consider it?
Calm must be restored.
The sooner the better.
You have already entered
into an agreement. With whom?
I had to say hello from Rhino.
Get up.
You are hurt.
Are you all right. papa?
Look what they've
done to my club.
I am being attacked
on my own territory.
And who do I have to defend me?
My son. the piano boxer.
Come on. hit me! Fight with me!
I need warriors. not creeps.
You won't even defend yourself.
The assassination attempt on Kravinoff
failed. All our people were killed.
Nikolai is a tough old bear. He
doesn't give up without a fight.
This one was shoved
under my door.
Is it Kravinoff's son
Sergei who is the Hunter?
What does "The Collar" mean?
Apparently that's
what he calls himself.
That can't be right.
- Can it? - I don't know.
Put Foreigner on the
case. He's pretty crazy. -
but he has been obsessed
with the Hunter for years.
Maybe he can figure out
what the hell is going on.
Hey what are you doing
I'm looking for the prisoner
who killed Semyon Chorny.
Turn around.
You shouldn't be here.
I am called Foreigner because
no one knows my origin.
One.
Thaw.
Three.
You must have it.
Cuckoo!
My God. Sergei!
You scared the life out of me.
Happy birthday. little brother.
I love you. man.
- How should we celebrate it?
- Yes. that trick won't work.
- So let's stay here.
- It's my birthday.
On your birthday we can
go to the petting zoo. -
or wherever else you have fun.
But tonight…
- This here.
- And do you think I can handle that?
It's too big for me. so it
should fit you perfectly.
- Sorry. - Thank you.
- Nice perfume.
- I'm not wearing perfume now.
She had found out
sooner or later.
Papa was sitting right
here. It all went so fast.
In such a moment you find out
who you are. I'm a cryster.
Nonsense. It is completely natural
to feel fear. It's an instinct.
Why can't you choose
who you want to be?
I will be strong and fearless
and not cower on the ground.
- Why not just be yourself?
- Because he has to respect me.
Papa is a criminal. What
is worth his respect?
You seem like you don't
care what he thinks.
Like he can't touch you.
He made you hate people.
I don't hate people.
I hate what people do.
but I don't hate people.
So papa was right
about one thing.
In what?
Man should be the only
animal that is endangered.
I'm glad I made it.
I will not miss the chance
to see both my sons.
Dmitri.
To you.
I don't expect a hug.
but maybe a handshake?
Dasha.
I come just to drink a single
toast in honor of Dmitri -
on his big day. Pour up.
Serve up to men. not boys.
Come on. Sergei.
For the Kravin victims.
May we one day
forget the past...
and imagine a future
together as a family.
Wash zdorovie.
Such.
Are you ok
Sergei…
I know why you come every year.
Because you feel bad about. -
that you left me with him.
I forgive you…
… all of it.
About forgiveness.
Sergei! Sergei!
Do you mind holding
the door? Hello?
Chief. thank you.
- I tried to hold the door.
- Oh. you didn't.
This is my travel knife.
It is for work use.
So what do you work on?
I hunt…
… people.
Dmitry?
No. let me go!
Wait. wait. don't! We must be
able to figure something out.
Stun him.
There he is. Run away from him.
Move. dammit!
Drive!
Faster!
Dmitry!
It is also bulletproof
from the inside!
Shake him off!
Go. go!
Dima!
- Can I help you with something?
- A towel perhaps.
I think you forgot your
shoes in the lobby.
Now I don't think I have.
Not enough volts in it there.
All right. Brian.
He is my client.
Damn it. Sergei. I promised
to consider your offer.
You can't just burst into
my workplace like that.
- They have taken my brother.
- Who has?
Four men. They broke
into his apartment.
- So you saw them?
- I noticed the one.
Dark hair. brown eyes. scar
under left eye. Turkish accent.
So you talked to them?
Not as such. but there was
quite a bit of screaming.
Okay.
So let's get started.
I should have been with him.
I couldn't sleep. so I got
up and went for a walk.
We'll probably find him.
Okay?
I do what I do
and get us a name.
And then you do what you
do so we can get him home.
A mercenary active in London.
Moon-shaped scar under left eye.
He smokes Turkish cigarettes. so
he is probably Turkish. Find him.
Sergei.
- Who are they?
- They didn't say that.
- But you know that. right?
- The list of my enemies is long.
Look what they've done to him.
What do they demand?
20 million within 48 hours.
Pay.
- It's complicated.
- No. it's quite straightforward.
- You have the money and he is your son.
- It's not about money.
It's about power.
If I pay. I'm weak.
If I show weakness. I lose everything
I have spent my life building.
What have you built?
You are a drug dealer.
That's what you're done with.
Dmitri is innocent. If you let him
die. his blood is on your hands.
On my hands?
I have never let him down.
You let him down.
You.
He was dead as soon as they
took him. whether I pay or not.
You can't know that.
Yes. I know that. Because that's
what I would have done myself.
You are disgusting.
Of course I want him back.
I want both my sons back.
What a legend you have become.
Wake up.
Here. it's antibiotics.
We can't have you die.
"We can't have you die."
You are talented.
Omer Ozdemir.
He hides in a monastery on
the outskirts of Ankara.
- You must never call me again.
- We'll see.
How did it go?
- She accepted it.
- But did she believe you?
Yes. She trusts me.
And therefore I now
want double payment.
Double? Why not triple?
What are you up to?
One.
Thaw. Three.
Then it's done.
Stay ready.
The hunter is on his way.
The man you are looking
for is called Ömer Ozdemir.
His family owns an old monastery in
Turkey. There you can find your brother.
Thanks for the help.
Ellie. it's time to leave!
NORTHERN TURKEY
It's him.
He is there.
Where is Dmitri?
Where is he?
If you let me go. you'll never
find your brother. Kraven.
How do you know my name?
Who has taken my brother?
Rhino. He has killed us both.
Who are you?
Do you have any evidence bags?
I forgot mine in the car.
What do you have there?
Crushed paternoster beans.
The perpetrator has
a sense of poison.
One.
Thaw.
Three.
What are you doing?
You must have it.
It's good then. Ryazha.
Sorry about that with your finger.
An unfortunate collateral damage.
Cut him free.
We have met before. Big game
hunting with your father.
I don't remember that.
Understandable. My hairstyle was also
different and you were very young.
Even…
… I will never forget it.
Have you spoken to my
father? Has he agreed to pay?
No. Nikolai Kravinoff could not
dream of giving 20 million -
to save his bastard child.
You're an accident. Dmitri.
You came into the
world by accident. -
and you ended up in my
custody by accident.
Will I then be released?
Those who abducted you
were not after you.
- They were after your brother.
- Sergei?
You both went in. but
when my people arrived. -
he had disappeared.
as is his wont.
That's why I took
you. I was lucky.
What do you want with Sergei?
He never did anything to anyone.
- You don't know at all?
- What?
Wait for the end.
That's the best of it.
THE COLLAR / THE HUNTER
- "The collar"?
- That's what he calls himself now.
Do you think Sergei
is the Hunter?
The hunter is a myth
to scare criminals.
- You didn't know your brother very well.
- What do you mean by "known"?
The collar kept a list. Once you
get on it. you'll never get off it.
That's why I fixed him first.
I'm filming it right now.
We hit Kraven.
I'm not sure about that.
- Hello?
- Calypso. it was a trap.
Rhino knows who I am and
he's coming for you now.
What do you mean? Shit.
Five suspicious men have
just entered the door.
Hurry away.
Go to the goods terminal in Stansted.
I'll get someone to meet you.
I call it my tote bag.
It is a mixture of medicines
that keeps my suffering at bay.
- What's wrong with you?
- I was also underestimated.
No hospitals could figure
out what was wrong with me.
I knew I'd never earn
your father's respect -
or anyone else's.
unless I became strong.
I tried everything.
But then…
… I found one in New York.
Biochemist Professor
Miles Warren.
He was working on a treatment. -
that could increase a
person's strength tenfold.
I signed up immediately.
My skin started to harden.
I became -
indestructible as a rhinoceros.
But the pain…
… was too violent.
I believe we each have
an inner animal. Dmitri.
I will take over your father's
territory and you will be my companion.
The name Kravinoff still opens doors
and you will be recognized as deserved.
You are right.
I have been underestimated -
all my life.
But if you think I will
betray my family. -
then you are wrong.
Boss. we haven't heard from the
boys. I can't get hold of them.
The collar is alive.
Bert!
Team Alfa and Team Bravo...
He is here.
Sweet. I wonder if that trick still
works when I poke my eyes out at you?
Relax.
Sorry to mess you up on this.
- Anything new about Dmitri?
- No.
Three of my sources have disappeared
trying to track Rhino's plane.
I absolutely do not like it.
- What kind of place is this?
- The area belonged to my mother's family.
That's the only thing I
really have after her.
- What is going on now?
- We are being hunted.
By whom?
Don't chase me! You just go
crazy. Show what you're good at.
I've followed her since she was young.
but she's a bit bigger than I remember.
You're crazy. Seriously.
Did you just find out now?
I know. I put you
on the case myself.
But why are you so
obsessed with Kraven?
My mentor was one of the world's best
assassins. He taught me everything.
He was like a brother to me.
- Did you know him?
- I knew about him.
He was murdered. Someone
slipped in and cut his throat.
The collar?
So I traveled the world
following his heels.
But the Kraven is the perfect
predator. He has no known weaknesses.
But you have found one.
- And I know how we use it.
- Now. get the hell to the point.
It is East Siberian paternoster
beans. a rare plant.
I found traces of
them in the monastery.
The beans only grow in one
specific region in Siberia.
That's where he is.
Careful with that one.
I'm actually quite firm with such a
one. I learned archery at a summer camp.
Brown root.
Feverfew liquorice.
Maltese cross.
- Paternoster beans?
- You know your stuff.
- You can die from them.
- Or be saved by.
- Nature is beautifully arranged.
- What are you doing here?
Tell me about this one.
It was my grandmother's. We
were visiting her that day.
I have spent years
analyzing the content.
My grandmother was
something of a mystic.
She had the strangest things.
My parents didn't like to talk about
it. but she was a very powerful woman.
She said it would heal whoever
drank it in unimaginable ways.
I was only a child. I had no idea
what effect it would actually have.
- It saved my life. - Did it?
- It changed me. - Exactly.
Look what you've become.
I need to know what was in it.
- And can you get more? - No.
She died shortly
after our visit.
One of my sources says Rhino is
moving. We'll hear more soon.
I knew you'd be good at this.
Sergei. we're supposed to save Dmitri.
but is all this worth the price?
Calypso. I was made for this.
I am the best hunter in the
world. It is undeniable.
I can find anyone and no one
can touch me. Why should I stop?
It is called karma. She
catches up with one.
Not me. I'm faster than her.
But Dmitri wasn't.
- Interesting weapon.
- No shooter can kill Kraven.
The poison here was developed
by MI6 and is highly effective.
May I?
It conjures up one's worst nightmares
before paralyzing one's internal organs -
and results in a gruesome death.
You have good style.
Only one person has my number.
Dima. where are you?
- Sergei. they forced me to call.
- Dmitri?
No. but now you know he's alive.
- What is it you want?
- A life without anyone on the heels.
You have two options. I know you
hate your father just like I do.
Therefore. you and I should -
and young Dmitri collaboration.
You can become my companions.
Or I can kill you...
Good then. Then we
hunt the Hunter.
Divide yourselves.
and get me his corpse.
Otherwise you shall
not come back.
Ryazha.
Where is he?
He is here.
Amateurs. How embarrassing.
Do it.
Be safe.
There are explosions.
It's just a lie.
The spiders!
The hallucinations are
just the beginning.
Experiencing your
worst nightmares?
One.
Thaw.
Three.
When the poison reaches
your spinal cord. -
you lose all motor functions.
Then you will suffocate.
So you are the legend.
The myth.
But now you're just human.
Give him a plane. Kraven.
I honestly thought it
would be more difficult.
It's over. But the
brother is still at large.
- Find him. - Come on.
One.
Thaw.
Three. bean head.
Farewell to Kraven the Hunter.
Sergei!
Nothing just works
out for you. huh?
Legends don't die.
So get up. Kraven.
I knew you had more.
I didn't dare trust a madman
with my family's greatest secret.
- Up with you. - Okay.
It must have been
something of a summer camp.
You are not alone in having
secrets. I will never regret this.
It's over. The collar is dead.
What a day.
Get him in the car.
Perhaps Nikolai will cash out now
that he only has one son left.
Are any of you seeing
the same thing as me?
The collar!
You're heavy enough.
Sergei…
My father was right
about one thing.
You are a zero.
The video recording of me.
Where did you get it from?
Who sent it to you?
How is it that the mighty
Hunter cannot see. -
what has been right
under his nose all along?
No.
- He deserves to die.
- He will get to that too.
But it's not you.
I would wish…
I wish I had never met -
you Kravinoffer.
NORTHERN RUSSIA
Sergei. How did you find me?
I am a hunter.
That's what we do.
You were the one who sent the
recording. You told Rhino who I was.
Did you really think a father wouldn't
recognize his son's handiwork?
An assassin who uses all the
methods of jungle animals?
You. if anyone. should be able to
appreciate the beauty of the trap I laid.
Rhino wanted to hit you. but you weren't
strong enough to defeat him yourself.
Precise.
But my son. my real son. Kraven…
There is no one stronger.
And I knew you wouldn't
take him down for my sake.
That's why I sent him for you.
What a trap.
Dmitri could have been killed.
but everything has a price.
No. no. no. I knew...
that you would never let anything
happen to our precious Dmitri.
Our empire is secured.
So what now? Should we just…
… forget the past and
imagine a future together?
Like a family.
Sergei. where are you going?
I could have killed you -
many years ago.
But I didn't.
Despite all that you've done
and all the pain you've caused…
… then you were my father.
I still am. Sit down.
"Never fear death."
Isn't that what you taught me?
A YEAR LATER
- Happy birthday. Dima.
- It's a happy day.
The first in a long time. And
it's thanks to you. Sergei.
Or rather the collar. What shall
I call you? Mr. The collar?
- You know who I am. - I do.
It was hell I went through.
But it was also liberating.
I feel almost reborn.
I found a doctor in New York. He
was probably a bit unorthodox...
… but he has really helped
me. He has changed me.
- How so? - Just a moment.
- Have you made friends in the mafia?
- I do business with many people.
- You didn't want to sell father's business?
- I changed my mind.
I didn't save you from the scissors
so that you would be like a father.
It was your fault I was in trouble.
It is you who is like a father.
I'm not like him at all. I have
a codex. I'm better than him.
You are no better than
him. You are worse.
How did you say papa died?
Was it in a hunting
accident? Stop lying to me.
You imagine that you are
noble. That you live by a code.
Not a shit.
You are also just a man
in pursuit of trophies.
Dmitri…
You should see the
look on your own face.
Dmitri…
You know me. I have
always been a chameleon.
- That's the only thing I'm good at.
- What has that doctor done to you?
You want me to be weak
so you can be strong.
But now I am also
strong. I can be anyone.
Rhino is dead and father is dead.
It's all there for the picking.
And I'm going to pick it.
I can't let you do that.
Go home. Kraven.
Dad left something for you.
Sergei. we all
have our own path.
Accepting who you are gives you
the strength to step into it.
You are more than my
child. You are me…
… and I am you.
We are hunters.
The biggest in the world ever.
Subtitles By: TearsHD